This is a react native app that should be able to run on android, iOS, and web.
I need this to be able to run on the Expo Go android app (Client version 54.0.6 with the Supported SDK being 54).  Set up the app to be able to do this and use language versions that will also allow this version of expo go.

I want the app to be designed with a Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM) architecture.

This is a game that has two main screens the home screen and the game screen.
The home screen will simply display which level the current user is on, a play button, and a few stats.
The game screen will be designed with a Model-View-ViewModel (MVVM) architecture.  On the model side there will be an x by y grid and a directed graph datastructure object.  This graph will simply be a list of nodes and each node will store each of its neighbors, some x and y position that maps to a position on the grid, a unique identifying number (unique for this graph), and an in-degree.  To do this you will have three classes: Level, Graph, and Node.  Level will contain the grid size x and y, and a graph object.

The view in its most basic form will not show the grid (However for debugging and developing purposes I want to view it as just dots spaced a fair amount apart(about 1/2 or 1/4 a centimeter).  One dot for each position on the grid (0, 0), (0, 1), (1, 0), etc...).  On top of this grid whether it is visible or invisible will be the graph.  I want a node to be shown as a circle.  The center of the circle will be at the x and y position of the node and the radius will be the length of 1 dot to the next on the grid.  So if the position is (1, 1), the top edge of the circle will be at (1, 2), the right will be at (2, 1), the bottom will be at (1, 0) and the left will be at (0, 1).  The circles will have arrows that point to each of their neighbors.  The game screen will need to be able to take in different sizes of the grid and also take in different graphs to display.  These graphs as well as the grid size will be stored in a json file.  The grid (with the graph on top of it) will need to be scrollable horizontally and vertically.  I need to be able to scroll past the actual grid until half the screen is the grid and half the screen is just white space (the space after the grid).  So if I scroll all the way to the right, the right half of the screen should just be white space and the left half of the screen should be the contents of the grid and graph.  If I scroll all the way to the top, then the top half of the screen should be white space and the bottom half should be the contents of the grid and graph.  Same idea for down and left.  The game screen also needs to be able to zoom in and out a certain degree.  Zooming in and out shouldn't affect how much of the screen the user can scroll off to.  They should still be able to scroll in all directions until half of the screen is white space.

Each level will be stored in a json file and will contain the level number (or name), the grid size x and y, and the graph containing each node where each node contains position x and y, all neighbors, and a unique identifying number.

PLAYING A LEVEL
When the user first loads up a level then the json level will be converted to the level, graph, and node objects.  After the graph is loaded into the objects then the in-degree of each node will be calculated and stored in the node object.
When a user is playing a level they will be able to click or tap on each of the nodes of the graph.  When tapping on a node then two things can happen.  Either the node will disappear and the arrows that are coming out of that node (the arrows that are pointing to that nodes neighbors) will also disappear (use an animation that makes it look like they are fading starting from the disappearing node going to the end of the arrow until the whole thing is gone) or the node will shake and the player will lose a life (they should have two at the start of each level).  If the in-degree of the node is greater than 0 then the node will shake and the player will lose a life.  If the in-degree of the node is 0 then the node will disappear as explained above.  When the node disappears, each of its neighbors' in-degrees should decrease by 1.  When all the nodes have disappeared then the level is complete and the game should go back to the home screen and obviously the home screen will now show the next level because the user is on that level.  So if the home screen said "Level 1" and the user pressed play and completed the level then when they went back to the home screen it should say "Level 2".

STORAGE
You can use SQLite to store a few things locally like current level, progress, and stats.  Note the levels will be in .json files and will not be stored in SQLite.  I will eventually be syncing this to an online database like supabase and periodically be syncing the local database to the online one.  Note I am still going to want the local database when this happens.

RESPONSIVE LAYOUT
The game should work across phones, tablets, and web window sizes, including orientation changes and safe-area insets.

READABILITY, USABILITY and REUSABILITY
Make all the code very readable and easy to change if needed and also easy to add new features to.

MODULARITY
As you are building this try to keep the view and the model separated.  When someone clicks on a node, all the view needs to do regarding the model is tell the model which node was clicked.  The model will then inform the view about if the node has an in-degree of 0 or not and if it does have an in-degree of 0 the model will then find it's neighbors and decrease their in-degree.  The model will handle all the manipulation of data regarding Levels, Graphs, and Nodes.  The view will know what to show based on the information provided by the model.