Proposal
I am going to build a mobile game using react native.  This will be a simple game with levels, saved player stats, and probably some other stuff.  Each level will be a DAG (Directed Acyclic Graph) and the goal of the level is to basically do topological sort to clear the screen.  When you click on a node, if the node doesn't have any other nodes pointing to it, then it will disapear along with all the arrows coming out of it.  Clearing a node leads to other nodes that can be cleared and when all the nodes are cleared, the level is done and the player can move on to another level.  I don't yet know what other features this will have but I am going to show off the basic gameplay and I do plan to add some other cool stuff after I get the basics working.

I have already started on this project and for my agentic loop I basically described all I could think of about my app and put it in a file (see AppSpecification.md).  And then I made a prompt (see PROMPT.md) that first told the AI to look at the specification file to understand the project.  Then I told it to use a task system where you make a text file for each task that holds that tasks status, previous problems, any relevant information, and references to the app specificaiton file.  And finally I told it to commit and push before returning so I can have a record of what happened.  I also plan to add tests next week and add instructions on those to the prompt file.  I also gave the AI information about the structure I want for this app inside the app specification file.


Week 13
So far I have the basic game working with a few levels that were poorly generated.  I have the ability to define a graph (a level) and play it through all the way till the end of the level.  For next week I am planning on creating tests to check if a graph is valid for a level, then generate a bunch of levels with those specifications.  I am also going to add powerups, coins, and potentially a store for the game.

I didn't use an agentic loop this week.  I was trying to fix bugs for the majority of the week and I didn't have a way for the AI to tell if it got the right answer so I didn't have it loop.
The bug I was dealing with was that the app would crash a lot of times when I would click on a node on the graph.  Normally when you click on a node, it should remove the node from the graph.  At first, to fix the bug I was just asking amp what the bug was and letting it try to fix it itself and that wouldn't work.  Finaly I explained the workflow of what should happen when a node is clicked.  I am working with an MVVM architecture and I told it which parts of the work should go in which modules and when I did this, the bug was finally fixed.  After the fix I added tests in place to make sure that it didn't happen again.

Week 14
For my project I have made a mobile app game that simply has a player do topological sort on a graph datastructure.  There is not much more to it than that.  Each level is a graph and for each level it shows a visual representation of that graph.  If the user presses a node that has no arrows pointing to it then the node disappears.  If the user presses a node that does have arrows pointing to it then they lose a life.

Here is the video: https://youtu.be/OJlynNKyWt4 